docs(intro): Update intro.md to correct the link for common data model formats (#42)
accordproject/concerto-docs: docs/intro.md

🔎 Runtime introspection of the model using a powerful set of APIs

> 🎛 Convert the model to [14+ common data model formats](./reference/codegen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎛 Convert the model to [14+ common data model formats](./category/code-generation)
```

> 🎛 Convert the model to [14+ common data model formats](./reference/codegen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🎛 Convert the model to [14+ common data model formats](../category/code-generation)
```
